[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
>> Could UFOs be more than
nuts-and-bolts spacecraft
piloted by extraterrestrials?
A fascinating new hypothesis
suggests an alternate view
based on millennia of
evidence and backed
by cutting-edge quantum science.
>> We might have physical
spacecraft that people see,
but also, plasma constructs that
could contain multi-dimensional
intelligences.
>> This is Gaia News.
[THEME MUSIC]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
Andrew Collins is a
science and history
writer who has been researching
human origins for many decades.
In his latest book,
"Origins of the Gods,"
he and co-author Greg Little
present a unified explanation
of UFO and extraterrestrial
phenomena going back
to prehistoric times.
>> My own impetus for
writing this book was to try
and understand exactly who the
original ancient aliens were.
UFOs have always been seen
to be alien spaceships.
I realized at a
very early age, when
I was investigating the
subject, that something was not
quite right.
And that's not to
say that we're not
dealing with
nuts-and-bolts spacecraft,
but that there was something
else going on as well.
What I noticed
many years ago was
that there was some kind
of connection between UFOs
and human consciousness
in the sense
that people that
witnessed this phenomena
had a link or
connection with it.
And I wondered if there was
something deeper involved here
and whether this
was something that
would have affected the
ancients as well as people today
who have UFO encounters.
>> Through his in-depth analysis
of hundreds of thousands
of years of history, coupled
with the latest understandings
of quantum physics, Collins
has set forth his comprehensive
take on what may be behind
some extraterrestrial contact.
>> Many UFOs are quite
simply constructs of light,
whether soft or quite
solid in nature.
And the main constituent of them
is something known as plasma.
Plasma is the fourth
state of matter.
Plasma actually makes
up 99% of the universe.
Plasma itself is essentially
the splitting up of atom.
The freed-up electrons
release photons of light,
so everything
becomes illuminated.
What was discovered
a long while ago
is that it seemed to act
in an intelligent manner.
Theoretical physicists,
such as David Bohm,
realized that plasma
could contain environments
that seemed to be alive.
What he referred to as
a proto-intelligence
would inhabit
plasma environments
on a temporary basis.
And they would come up
from what he referred
to as the implicate older.
What's more recently
been discovered
is that plasma itself may have
an extra dimension of space.
The plasma itself
could act as a portal
into higher dimensional realms.
If that's the case,
and we go back
to the so-called
proto-intelligences
that David Bohm
was talking about,
then is it possible that
they can inhabit the plasma
constructs that we
identify as UFOs?
>> The name for these
transdimensional intelligences,
recently adopted by Collins and
his colleagues, is n-beings.
>> We see the intelligences
associated with plasma
as transformational in nature,
because they would seem to have
an influence in
our 3D space time.
But also, they seem
to exist outside
of that as well in a
multi-dimensional environment.
They go between the two.
The term that we have
used for them in the book
is n-dimensional being.
The n refers to number, because
we can't say exactly how
many dimensions are involved.
>> Collins proposes that the
non-verbal communication that
often happens between contactees
and these transdimensional
intelligences is made possible
by the idea of quantum
entanglement, which states that
particles can be interconnected
despite the distance
between them.
>> The connection with UFOs
is that if these plasma
environments, these plasma
constructs, what we call UFOs,
for the most part, do have some
kind of mental sympathetic link
with human consciousness, then
this can only work through
entanglement.
In other words, some of
the particles in our heads,
their twins are within the
actual plasma environments,
and there is this
resonance, this connection
between the two.
Is it possible that
these intelligences
are able to connect with us and
steer us in certain directions?
I believe that this is
something that is going on now
and has been going
on in the past,
probably since the
very beginning.
>> To learn more about
transdimensional intelligences
throughout history, be sure to
check out part two of this Gaia
News special investigation.
For a new perspective,
this is Gaia News.
For more information
on this topic,
check out this content on Gaia.
[GENTLE MUSIC]